Keda prometheus scaler tutorial (#15305)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/03-tutorials/00-serverless/svls-15-use-external-scalers.md

    scaled-function   serverless.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2.Function   scaled-function   5     10    cpu                         True    True     Unknown    4m15s
    ```

  </details>
  <details>
  <summary label="keda-prometheus">
  Keda Prometheus
  </summary>

1. Install [Keda](https://keda.sh/docs/2.8/deploy/) if it is not present on your cluster.

2. Create your Function with the `replicas` value set to 1, to prevent the internal Serverless HPA creation:

    ```yaml
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: serverless.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2
    kind: Function
    metadata:
      name: scaled-function
    spec:
      runtime: nodejs14
      replicas: 1
      source:
        inline:
          dependencies: ""
          source: |
            module.exports = {
              main: function(event, context) {
                return 'Hello World!'
              }
            }
    EOF
    ```

> 3. Create the ScaledObject resource based on, exposed by the Istio, the `istio_requests_total` metric:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create the ScaledObject resource based on the `istio_requests_total` metric, exposed by the Istio:
```

    ```yaml
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: keda.sh/v1alpha1
    kind: ScaledObject
    metadata:
      name: scaled-function
    spec:
      scaleTargetRef:
        apiVersion:    serverless.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2
        kind:          Function
        name:          scaled-function
      minReplicaCount:  1  # You can go with 0 ( scaling to zero ) in case your function is fed from messaging queue that would buffer unhandled requests or if you are fine with function downtime at cold start periods
      maxReplicaCount:  5
      triggers:
      - type: prometheus
        metadata:
          serverAddress: http://prometheus-operated.kyma-system.svc.cluster.local:9090
          metricName: istio_requests_total
          query: round(sum(irate(istio_requests_total{reporter=~"source",destination_service=~"scaled-function.default.svc.cluster.local"}[2m])), 0.001)
          threshold: '6.5'
    EOF
    ```

>     >**NOTE:** in this tutorial we use the `prometheus` trigger because of its simple configuration. If you want to use another trigger check the official [list of supported triggers](https://keda.sh/docs/2.8/scalers/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >**NOTE:** This tutorial uses the `prometheus` trigger because of its simple configuration. If you want to use another trigger check the official [list of supported triggers](https://keda.sh/docs/2.8/scalers/).
```
Can you change that also in the KEDA CPU note?

> 4. After a few seconds ScaledObject should be up to date and contain information about actual replicas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. After a few seconds ScaledObject should be up to date and contain information about the actual replicas:
```
Can you change that also in the KEDA CPU section?
